see Keith Metro back with the Tmax 2.5
project I just got the chassis back
together I had at the progressive
Springs the steering the belt crank kit
to it which would improve the steering
of this 2.5 I put the slipper clutch
upgrade on it and I've been changing out
the Philips hardware like the screws to
the hex stainless screws as I go I also
upgraded the shock towers to the newer
style with the square posts
so yeah as you can see I got the
bellcrank servo saver kit in there we
get a shot of that
it'll help this 2.5 steer a lot better
it's also got like the built-in sir will
say over there the spring action yeah
I've been changing out like all the
Philips button in the hex stainless hex
screws in it to it wherever I go the
progressive shocks I redid the half
shafts put in new half shafts and
there's the
slipper clutch upgrade it's like the new
Revo style new t-mac style actually it's
on the Slayer pro 2 also put on some
rear shock guards from rpm on the rear
four shocks
that's coming along nice
I've also got some aluminum popups
coming a few pieces are the silver
aluminum stuff so I picked up a set of
the proline Master 2000s three point
twos that'll be the tire I'm running on
this so I got a set of those they're
actually going to be going on to these
Maximizer rims they're bead lock with a
three-quarter inch offset deep dish so
I've got the dirt balls and take those
off with the master to thousands on does
it look pretty good on there course you
got the plate for resonator pipe
I put the clutch and clutch belt on the
three point three exhaust manifold not
ready and it's going through my stuff
and I've got a tiger drive system I'm
gonna try that out on this so you know
mount that on there